Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcompany-has-recently-changed-its-total-annual-compensation-policy-to-improve-sales
<br>
Consider the following factors: A salesperson will earn a fixed salary of 75,000. A salesperson will also receive a commission as a sales incentive. Commission is a percentage of the salesperson’s annual sales. The current commission is 7% of total sales. The total annual compensation is the fixed salary plus the commission earned. The Java&#x2122; application should meet these technical requirements: The application should have at least one class, in addition to the application’s controlling class (a controlling class is where the main function resides). There should be proper documentation in the source code. The application should ask the user to enter annual sales, and it should display the total annual compensation. Submit your program along with the screen shot. ====================================================== Mod: 20130819: Jason Thompson: Add Conditions to Incentive, Create projections table: ====================================================== Modify the Week Two Java&#x2122; application using Java&#x2122; NetBeans&#x2122; IDE to meet these additional and changed business requirements: The company has recently changed its total annual compensation policy to improve sales. A salesperson will continue to earn a fixed salary of 75,000. The current sales target for every salesperson is 120,000. The sales incentive will only start when 80% of the sales target is met. The current commission is 7% of total sales. If a salesperson exceeds the sales target, the commission will increase based on an acceleration factor. The acceleration factor is 1.5. The application should ask the user to enter annual sales, and it should display the total annual compensation. The application should also display a table of potential total annual compensation that the salesperson could have earned, in $5000 increments above the salesperson’s annual sales, until it reaches 50% above the salesperson’s annual sales. The Java&#x2122; application should also meet these technical requirements: The application should have at least one class, in addition to the application’s controlling class. The source code must demonstrate the use of conditional and looping structures. There should be proper documentation in the source code. Submit your program along with the screen shot.